hi guys what's up today I'm gonna do a
what's in my bag video so here is my bag
this is a rebecca minkoff mini mac bag
in black with gold hardware but i'm
going to take off the chain because it
is kind of like it makes a lot of noise
so I'm gonna look you guys that's the
stuff looks like it's a crossbody so I
want to show you something that I don't
put in my bag by carry with me
everywhere it's just my water bottle
this is by the brand nalgene this is
awesome I drink a lot of water so
alright so this is my actual back
without the chance I could do an ass
like a clutch truth if I wanted it child
so yeah in the front you can actually
open it there's a lot of chains and
stuff looks like that open and you
actually can put stuff inside it's
pretty roomy and although it looks
really small I put that in there and I
put the hair all right and then in an
actual main compartment show you what's
inside first thing I have are actually
Mikey Graham keychain it's really really
pretty i love it that's my turkey and
pepper spray and a bunch of random cars
um I have my phone I just gonna have a
speck case
it's right and Grady and then I have a
pink chiffon lotion then I have some gum
and a half my wallet yes no well it fits
in here although it's like the size of
my hand kind of lipids and it's so cute
so this is what I have in here and then
the perfect partner right here i have my
credit cards and debit cards and stuff
and then over here I have what is it I
have like points okay and then in here I
have some cash to put it up all right
this like season bag has like pockets
inside which I'm so for like I remove it
so in one of the pockets I just have
sanitizer and this is papaya melons
scoop this smells awesome sounds like
the islands to me and this is where I
would have kept my last team if I still
had it on in the other pocket I have
quite a lotus still mainly lip stuff but
i will show you guys oh my gosh okay so
I have these fortunes in there the first
one is Jack Black's lip balm and natural
mint this is awesome and love it it's so
strong the cement my favorite kind and
have two miracle of glasses this one is
called keep cool and it looks really
really pretty like your agenda pink
this one is called Keith Negro and it's
like a provider I wish my camera would
pick it up better that's what neighbors
and then this one is my travel right now
i have been here Chanel's the oh so
fresh one than being one really good i
like to have it small it's leaking see
you will pump it through here and
sometimes it leaks it's better than
carrying like actual whatever around and
then i have to oil light packets first
one is like an i don't know what I'd
like an asian store new me it's really
really good i guess it's like paper ish
i'm almost out hence why i have another
pack this is just the clean clear one
and it's your typical food book yeah
yeah so that is it took my bag and
there's nothing you know I'll put this
video
you